there's got to be a again youtube its
Tommy at history guides bringing you
another quick tips video this one's
taking place in chapter 11 as above so
below in uncharted drake's Deception
this video is going to highlight the
three puzzles in that map and give you
the tips and the know-how to complete
them this first one you need to once
you've checked out drake's map you need
to search this wall and look at this
wall that will trigger a cutscene at
which point your decipher using his
wheel that the word moon so you need to
look on the floor for a tile with a moon
on it so if I stand and then at that
point you need to line the map to the
three pillars ladies celeb it fits I've
got this one okay that will highlight
for Sully andele know which holes they
need to use wrong yeah I kinda like this
on Nate I use it all the time just do it
and then just pull on three
you sure that's the right lever I hope
say what I tell you exam work yeah
pretty amazing
okay so I'm doing the left puzzle first
this is the one with the cogs and wheels
looks like it's some sort of mechanism
first of all I'd like for you to
complete this you need to go up onto the
side to first of all so that you can get
the sort of prompting of what you are
actually looking to do here now if you
notice on the screen in front of you you
get two types of wheels both spinning in
different directions that implies the
two types of cogs you want and the
spacing between them which will make
them both go opposite directions also
you need to climb up here to loosen this
cog which is stuck up here and get it
bring it down as it's an integral cog to
the the piece so you want to be looking
for the the cogs with the crosses and
the circles there's various other sort
of red herring cogs around which you
just need to ignore don't bother with
them and then you want to put them in
opposites obviously one of them is fixed
so that's the end you start on and then
you just go cross circle cross circle
cross circle and then approach this in
the middle and
hopefully voila
and that's puzzle number two sold
the third puzzles quite difficult to
explain without being a complete spoiler
so I guess you just have to kind of
imitate where I am I mean I'm giving
away the position here what you're
essentially have to do is use the light
to cast the right shadow using the body
parts in the room so you need to
replicate that image from your book and
as you see here it's on the right hand
side of the room and then it's kind of
lining them up right I have effects I
haven't lined them up correctly that was
here but I was trying to give an example
of how you have to get it spot-on so you
line up them here and then you just move
until it looks exactly like it does in
the book and then there's when you pull
away from that there should be a slot on
the floor which will line it up and
trigger the cutscene and the third
solution to the puzzle I hope this
helped if it did and you'd like to see
more videos like this then please
subscribe to my channel and leave a like
for the video and I'll catch you in the
next one thanks for watching take it
easy
hey and you were worried